here's this morning December 17th so my
first the rat winter trap for the season
in the ice you can see where i had to
walk in ice on this little pond is half
an inch maybe working my way this way as
you can see in the back there's a sunny
of huts this is also my deer hunting
property I hunt this for deer this end
of the pond that you see now was my best
in last year but there's nothing there
probably due to low water you can see
the little dark spot back in the in the
distance that's another rat hut and then
back here is where I deer hunt this is a
corn field this year so hopefully I
still scare one out here on second rut
what I'm doing with these traps this
thick I had a break in half just because
the water shallow it's probably knee
deep with the mud but I had to get that
down far enough in order for the rat to
run through it he's coming through this
is a an entrance hole right here had no
activity last night I'm debating whether
or not I want to put a trap in there or
I'm just may just head on down here and
start working this out what i'm using
i'm using these 110 connor bears and
just would laugh for my sticks using a
Collins axe i thought i was going to
need it to break through some ice but
definitely not needed today it's nice
day it's probably 25 degrees no wind
down here so should be good i'll be back
tomorrow morning to finish it up